Add distributed cache prerequirement section to CMS Kit documentation (#11159)
abpframework/abp: docs/en/Modules/Cms-Kit/Index.md

All features are individually usable. If you disable a feature, it completely disappears from your application, even from the database tables, by the help of the [Global Features](../../Global-Features.md) system.

## Pre Requirements

CMS Kit uses [distributed cache](../../Caching.md) for responding faster. 

> > Using a distributed cache such as [Redis](../../Redis-Cache.md) is highly recommended for data consistency in tiered solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Using a distributed cache, such as [Redis](../../Redis-Cache.md), is highly recommended for data consistency in distributed/clustered deployments.
```
